.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Code of Conduct

See [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

# Contributing to Balrog

In order to effectively work on Balrog you will need to be able to both run its tests and local development environment. You will need a recent version of Docker, Docker Compose, and tox to do these things.

The [README](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/blob/master/README.rst) talks about this in depth.

## Finding bugs to work on

If you're new to Balrog, it is recommended that you find a [first bug](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirst-bug) to look at as a starting point. Otherwise, the [Admin](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/admin), [Agent](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/agent), [Public](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/public), and [DB](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/db) labels cover most of the open backend issues (written in Python), while the [frontend](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/frontend) label covers the frontend issues (written in React).

# More information

More information about Balrog can be found in [the documentation](http://mozilla-balrog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

Commit message:

improved the CONTRIBUTING.md documentation

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Balrog

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Balrog! To effectively work on this project, you will need to set up your development environment and familiarize yourself with our contribution guidelines.

## Development Environment Requirements

Before you start contributing, ensure that you have the following tools and dependencies:

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Tox

For detailed instructions on setting up your development environment, please refer to the [README](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/blob/master/README.rst) file. It contains comprehensive information on installation and configuration.

## Finding Issues to Work On

If you're new to Balrog, we recommend starting with a "first bug." You can find first bug issues by visiting the [First Bug](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afirst-bug) label. These issues are suitable for newcomers and serve as a great introduction to the project.

For more experienced contributors, you can explore issues with the following labels:

- [Admin](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/admin): Administrative tasks
- [Agent](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/agent): Agent-related tasks
- [Public](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/public): Public-facing tasks
- [DB](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/db): Database-related tasks (written in Python)
- [Frontend](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/labels/frontend): Frontend tasks (written in React)

## Code of Conduct

Before contributing, please familiarize yourself with our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/balrog/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We expect all contributors to adhere to our code of conduct to maintain a welcoming and inclusive community.

## More Information

For additional information about Balrog, please refer to [the documentation](http://mozilla-balrog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). It provides in-depth knowledge about the project and its components.

We appreciate your contributions and look forward to your involvement in improving Balrog. If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to reach out to the project maintainers.
